What do you want, sir?
Of course kill him
Please don't kill me
I'm going with them.
Never see my daughter again
Why is Shen Guiying so obedient?
What is he up to?
Oh, Xiangru is my own daughter
Just have a heart
As long as I take him home
Mother must be optimistic about him
You can be the mother of the lady with peace of mind
Mom and your brother are still waiting for you to send money home
Your mother is right
This old man
Want beauty
Hmph, I think about money everywhere
Wait until I get the Zhang family's property
Won't let you run
Mom, you have helped me so much
I'm sure I won't treat you badly
You can take Guiying away with peace of mind.
Keep an eye on her!
I'll send you the money tomorrow.
Ok ok my good daughter
From now on, our family will enjoy happiness with you
Haha, no.
I must find a chance to escape
Let's go
Guiying, stop for me
Don't run, don't run, don't run
Oops, where did this damn little girl go?
Son, hurry up and look for it.
He won't get far.